Direct message automation is the best
tool for your Instagram. Period. I
considered saying that DM automation is
the best tool for sales or the best tool
for growth or the best tool for
engagement, but honestly, it is the best
tool for all of those things. If you
could have only one tool to help you
grow your brand or business on
Instagram, it would be direct message
automation from ManyHat. Now, I want to
say from the very beginning of today's
episode that this is a sponsored
episode. But wait, wait, wait, before
you click away, I would be telling you
this even if it wasn't sponsored. And I
can say that for a fact because I've
been talking about DM automation for the
last 5 years, long before they began
sponsoring me to talk about it. Now, I
know I've said this phrase DM automation
a few times, and you might already be a
little bit confused, but don't worry,
because by the end of this episode,
you're going to understand exactly what
DM automation is. You're going to
understand why I made that bold claim at
the beginning of this episode saying
that DM automation is the number one
most important, most effective, best
tool for your Instagram. I will also be
answering all of the questions that are
likely swimming through your head right
now. And I will even show you how to set
up your very first DM automation because
it is shockingly simple and will only
take you a few seconds. DM automation
goes by many names. Chatbot automation,
comment to DM automation, direct message
automation. There are a lot of different
terms that can be used to describe this,
but basically I'm sure you've interacted
with it before. If you've ever followed
me on Instagram, then you've likely seen
this. Basically DM automation is that
thing where someone like myself will say
comment the word blank and I will send
you blank comment ticket and I will send
you the link. So then you as the viewer
are being told to comment let's say the
word guide and then in exchange for
commenting the word guide I will send
you the guide via direct message. Even
if you had no idea what DM automation
was before clicking on today's episode I
bet that you have interacted with some
form of DM automation in some way. Maybe
you have sent a specific keyword to
someone's Instagram account and you've
received a discount code in exchange for
sending that keyword to them via direct
message. That was DM automation. 5 years
ago when I first started talking about
this DM automation thing, I used to have
to do so much explaining as to what it
is. But now it's become way more widely
used. So even if you haven't set it up
for yourself yet, I bet you've
interacted with it in some way. Now, how
could I make such a bold claim like I
made at the beginning of this episode
about DM automation and its
effectiveness? Well, number one, the
stats. Of course, these aren't
guaranteed and results may vary, but let
me start by telling you my own stats.
When using DM automation compared to
when not using DM automation, when I am
using direct message automation from
ManyHat, my posts receive 77% more
views. Those 77% more views are the
direct result of a 251%
increase in engagement on average. And
best of all, more views and engagement
directly leads to more sales. On
average, I see anywhere from a four
times all the way up to a 20 times
increase in sales when I'm using direct
message automation versus when I'm using
the old school forms of promoting a link
or selling something on Instagram. Like
I said, results may vary, and this is
not a guarantee, but according to
numerous Instac Club studies and
external thirdparty studies, when using
DM automation, you consistently get more
engagement, which leads to more views,
and both of those things lead to more
sales. Now, I know what you're thinking.
This sounds too good to be true. Is this
even real? Is this even allowed on
Instagram? I had those exact same
thoughts myself. 5 years ago, when I
heard about this tool, I was super
apprehensive. I was like, there's no way
this is legal. There's no way this
actually works. There's no way this is
all that it's cracked up to be. So, I
got on a call with the actual CEO of
ManyHat. This was back 5 years ago. Now,
they have over a million users and they
have hundreds of employees and they have
this massive company. But 5 years ago,
when they were just starting out, I was
able to actually talk to the CEO, Mike
Yan, the CEO of ManyHat. And I asked him
all of the questions that I know you're
thinking right now that I'm about to
answer for you because I think it's
important to be skeptical, especially
when things sound too good to be true. I
think it's important to fully vet every
single tool that we're using on social
media and for our business because if
our Instagram gets shut down, if our
business gets taken away, that's our
whole livelihood. And so, I did my due
diligence. I've been using this tool for
the last 5 years. And I bet I could
answer pretty much any question you have
regarding this tool. So, I'm going to
try to answer some of those most
frequently asked questions right now.
First and foremost, is this tool even
allowed on Instagram? Yes, it is. And
actually, it's a step farther than just
allowed. You might be surprised to learn
that a lot of the most popular
third-party tools, and when I say
thirdparty tools, I mean most scheduling
apps or any sort of software that you
use that connects to your Instagram,
almost all of those are allowed on
Instagram because they have official
permission to access Instagram's API.
But very few are actually partnered with
Instagram. That is an even higher tiered
status. That doesn't mean that this app,
this third party software is just
accessing Instagram through an unlocked
door, so to speak. This means that the
door is wide open, that there is a red
velvet rope on each side, and there is
someone with white gloves standing at
the door ready to greet this company and
let them in and show them how everything
works on the inside. That is the level
of status that ManyHat has with
Instagram. Manyhat is an official
Instagram partner. That means that every
single week, Instagram staff meets with
many chat staff to make sure that
everything is working properly, to make
sure that the partnership is going well,
and just to make sure that there is no
miscommunication or anything dropped
along the way. So, yes, DM automation is
available through multiple third-party
tools, but there is only one thirdparty
tool that is an official partner of
Meta, and that is Many Chat. But of
course, ManyHat could just be saying
that. they could just slap some lingo on
their sales page and call it a day while
lying to us. So, I asked Adam Moseri
about this directly. Earlier in 2025, I
got to interview the head of Instagram
and I asked him about direct message
automation himself and he confirmed that
yes, DM automation is allowed through
approved partners.
>> DM automation.
>> Uh, so I'd love if you could clear the
air about DM automation through approved
partners. Obviously,
>> we have an API. It's it's allowed.
>> Question number two, is it complicated?
Do you have to know how to code? Do you
have to know how to build a website? Do
you have to know how to build fancy
techy automations? No, I am not that
guy. I suck at that kind of stuff. I
have multiple people on our Insta Club
staff whose full-time job is automations
and tech because I suck at that stuff.
If you have the ability to post a reel,
like if you have the skill set necessary
to post a real on Instagram, you have
enough technical capabilities to create
an automation within ManyHat. And at the
end of today's episode, I'll show you
how to do that. Question number three,
is it super expensive? Well, of course,
this is a relative question, but I would
say no. When I consider the return on
investment, when I consider how many
more sales I'm making, how many more
views I'm getting, and how much more
engagement my posts are receiving from
using this tool, the cost is negligible.
It's almost nothing when I think about
those things. But even with those things
aside, I believe the base rate is about
$15 per month. So, it's pretty
affordable. And on top of that, down in
the description below this episode, I
will make sure to include a link that
will give you 30 days of Pro Access. So
you can use all of the premium features
for free. So you get an entire month to
test it out, try it out, see it for
yourself, and see if you actually see
the benefits and results that many
others see as well. Question number
four, is it spammy or inauthentic? It
absolutely can be, but only if you use
it incorrectly. Not to get too lost into
the weeds of how to use this tool. We're
going to talk about that in just a
little bit. But basically, if you were
to try to automate 100% of everything,
then it would likely become spammy and
overwhelming. Like if you were like
trying to imagine every possible word
that someone could comment or every
possible word that someone could DM you
and then come up with like a response
that was pre-formulated for that, that
would be overwhelming. Instead, with
Many Chat, you have the ability to only
automate certain keywords. So that 99.9%
of messages that you receive are not
automated. They're left as a normal
message for you to respond to. But then
you can set up a specific keyword. And
if you wanted, you could even make it a
super random word that like no one's
ever going to say. You could make it
pickle or hot dog or cucumber or I don't
know why those are all related in some
way and I'm thinking of all those words
right now. But that's besides the point.
You can make it any random word and then
have the automation trigger just for
that specific word. So unless someone
just randomly sends you the word pickle,
it's not going to trigger the
automation. So it's not spammy. It's not
inauthentic. And you are telling people
that they are going to get an automated
response. You can say, "Comment the word
guide and I will automatically send you
my free guide to rock climbing." So they
know it's an automated response. It's
not like you're trying to trick them
into thinking that it's you sending out
40,000 messages a day automatically and
instantly and you're being very honest
and upfront that it is automation. I
think the DM automation can also become
spammy when you build these like super
long complex automated flows, which I
don't want to scare you away right now
or anything, but you can build like a
17step automation where someone has to
do this and jump through this hoop and
then type this word and then tap this
button and it kind of becomes tiring for
your customer when they really just
wanted to download one of your freebies.
So again, not to get too lost in the
weeds of best practices, but I usually
keep my automations short and sweet and
that helps them avoid being too spammy.
Question number five is, is this just
for businesses? No, it's for anyone who
ever uses a link. I could actually argue
that even if you don't use links, even
if like you don't have a YouTube channel
or a blog or you don't have anywhere
that you want to send someone off of
Instagram, which sidebar, you should
because if the only place that you're
interacting with people, if the only way
that you have to connect with your
audience is on Instagram, that's really
scary. That puts you in a very
vulnerable position. you need at least
an email list or a Patreon or somewhere
off of Instagram where you can connect
with your followers. But I digress. Even
if you don't have any such thing, I
could still make the argument that you
would benefit from using Many Chat
because there are some really cool
advanced features that you can use for
engagement and that you can use to just
interact with and serve your audience
better. But if you are anyone who
distributes links, if you have ever said
the phrase, "Click the link in my bio."
If you have ever put a link in your
story, I don't care if you're a blogger.
I don't care if you are an Amazon
affiliate and you post products that you
find on Amazon that you love. I don't
care if you are a YouTuber who's trying
to get people to go from Instagram to
your YouTube or a podcaster who wants
people to go from your Instagram stories
to your podcast. If you ever want any of
your followers on Instagram to go from
Instagram to somewhere else, some other
link, some other app, some other
website, you would benefit from DM
automation. This directly leads into my
next most common question, which is, is
this only just for big accounts? Because
here's what you're likely thinking.
Brock, this sounds really good, but
couldn't I do this without the
automation? Like, couldn't I just say,
comment the word guide for my free rock
climbing guide, and then if I get three
comments, I just DM those three people.
You might be thinking, Brock, I just
don't get the volume of messages or
comments to really make this necessary.
I would say a few things in response to
that. Number one, why are you playing it
small? Why are you thinking that this is
how you're going to be forever? Like,
why would you not set up the tool now so
that when you have success, when your
video goes viral, when you start getting
a bunch of engagement and comments and
messages, you're already set up rather
than having to play catch-up. So, number
one, stop playing it small. Number two,
according to our internal studies at the
Insta Club hub, the smaller your account
is or the fewer followers you have, the
bigger of an impact that DM automation
from many chat provides. And an easy way
to think about the reason for that is
someone like myself who has a large
following and is getting lots of
engagement. I already have lots of
engagement. But if you're someone who
has a relatively small following, you
might not be getting as many comments.
You might not be getting as much
engagement from post to post. And so
through using DM automation, you squeak
out those extra few comments that you
otherwise wouldn't get. And for you,
three comments might make a huge
difference for your engagement. That
might be double the amount of comments
that you normally get. Whereas for
someone like me, getting a few extra
comments might not make that big of a
difference. And then the third argument
that I'll make against you if you're
someone who's like, I don't need DM
automation. I have a small account that
doesn't get very much engagement. is
that do you really want to be spending
hours staring at your phone waiting for
someone to comment? Like, finally,
someone commented the word guide. Okay,
now I'm going to send them the guide. Do
you really want to be staring at your
phone that whole day? Or if you're like,
"Well, Brock, I wouldn't stare at my
phone. I would just send them the guide
whenever I check my phone later in the
day." Like, I post in the morning and
then I check in the evening and if
someone commented guide during the day,
well, then I'll send them the guide. Do
you really think that's going to be very
effective? Do you really think if you're
messaging someone 8 hours after they
were originally interested, they even
remember that they commented? Probably
not. I mean, let's be real. The average
social media user sees 10,000 posts per
day. And so, if they commented on your
post in the morning and you replied to
them 4 hours later by sending them the
link that they were inquiring about,
they've moved on. They're not as
interested. If anything, they're going
to have to like re figure out what the
post was about. And then hopefully
they're becoming reinterested and they
still want to buy. But I don't know
about you, how often are you making
purchases that are impulse decisions
that are emotional decisions that are
like, "Ooh, that looks good. I'm going
to buy it now. I'm not going to think
about it and come back to it later."
Think about how many times you've been
at the mall and you've seen something on
the clothing rack and maybe it was a
little bit too expensive or maybe you
just didn't quite want to buy it just
yet and you told the person at the
retail store, "Oh, I'll come back for
this later. I'm going to do a lap around
the mall. I'll come back for this." You
usually don't come back, right? It's
because you have to strike when the iron
is hot. And that is one of the benefits
of DM automation. It's instant replies.
within 3 seconds of the person
commenting the word guide, they have a
direct message sent to them from you
with the free guide. So, they don't have
to wait around. They don't have to
second guess. They are in that mindset,
that mode, ready to make a purchase,
ready to sign up for your email list,
and they're able to actually take
action. Now, I think that just about
covers all of the FAQs, but if there's
any question that I didn't answer that
you have in your head, go ahead and put
it in the comments down below this
episode and I will respond to you so
that you, you know, have all the
information that you need before making
a decision to sign up for something like
ManyHat. But probably the most important
question that we haven't talked at all
about is how is this so effective? Like
why does this work? And in order to
understand why DM automation is so
effective, I think it's important to
first understand why the old school ways
of promoting a link is so ineffective.
There are two ways that you can
currently share a link or put a link on
your Instagram. Those two ways are the
link in your bio, that's the URL on your
profile page, or putting a link sticker
on your Instagram stories. Those are
really the only two ways that you can
put a link somewhere that anyone can
click on, that any single person can
find, discover, and click on. Let's talk
about the issues with both of those. And
let's begin by talking about the link in
your bio. What I'm about to describe is
how 95% of people sell or promote things
on Instagram. They make their
promotional post, they make their
advertisement, they talk about their
offer, they talk about their YouTube
channel, whatever, and then they say
those famous three words, link in bio.
click the link in my bio. There is
nothing inherently wrong with that
phrase. There is a rumor that Instagram
downranks your content and shows your
content to less people when you say that
phrase. That's not true. I don't care if
you say that phrase or if you say any
variation of it. The problem is what
you're asking your audience to do. Stick
with me for just a second. Let's say I
make an amazing ad. I am selling this
red telephone right here and I'm telling
you all about it. I'm telling you how
great it is. And then I'm telling you at
the end, click the link in my bio if you
want to purchase this. What have I just
done? I have essentially just told
anyone who is interested in that phone
to not engage with the post. And I've
told them that because I told them to do
something else. I told you to go click
the link in my bio. I'm basically saying
don't like, don't comment, don't save,
don't spend any more time watching this
post. Abandon this post. Go away from
this post and go click the link in my
bio. Of course, there's always going to
be some people who are uninterested,
right? They're not interested in a red
telephone. They wanted a yellow
telephone. And so, they're just going to
keep scrolling. That's always going to
be the case. There's always going to be
uninterested buyers. But now, the
interested buyers are not engaging. That
means that the uninterested people are
not engaging. The interested people are
not engaging. And either way, no one's
engaging. My posts have no comments, no
likes, and no views. Of course, they
have some. There's a few views, there's
a few likes, there's a few comments, but
very little engagement because I'm
telling people not to engage. And this
is why the posts where you're selling
something always do the worst. It's not
because there's something wrong with
you. It's not because there's something
wrong with your red telephone or
whatever it is that you're promoting.
There's simply a disconnect in your
strategy. You're using an outdated and
ineffective strategy. As I hope you
understand by now, there is no problem
with having a link in your bio.
Instagram does not punish you for having
a link in your bio. I have a link in my
bio. Instagram will not punish you for
saying click the link in my bio.
Instagram will only punish you by
downranking your video, by showing your
video to less people if you say, "Click
the link in my bio and then people don't
engage because you said that." So, the
issue is not in the phrase. The issue is
not in having a link in the bio. The
issue is in telling your followers to go
click that link because then they're not
going to engage with your post.
Similarly, when you put a link on your
Instagram stories, you are likely going
to be getting little to no engagement
with said story. If you put a link
sticker on your stories, it's very
unlikely that people are going to
respond to that story. They're going to
DM you based off that story. It's very
unlikely that you have any other
stickers on that story for them to
interact with. It's very unlikely that
they're going to share or like that
story. And so, because that story again
has no engagement, that story just has
people clicking on the link. Well, then
it's not going to get very many views.
And again, that's why your promotional
or salesy stories don't perform very
well. It's not because there's something
wrong with you. It's not because there's
something wrong with your product. It's
because there's something wrong with
your strategy. So, what's the
alternative? Instead of putting the link
sticker on your stories or saying,
"Click the link in my bio on your feed
post," just use DM automation instead.
Basically, use the following call to
action. Comment blank and I will send
you blank. That's what I put on any of
my feed posts where I'm using DM
automation. Comment the word guide and
I'll send you my free guide for rock
climbing. On your stories, you would
just switch the word comment with reply.
Because on stories, you reply to the
story or you message from the story. You
don't comment. It's a little bit of a
technical thing there. It's just a
slight difference in language. But on
your stories, you would say, "Reply to
this story with the word guide, and I
will send you my free rock climbing
guide." Or you could even simplify that
sentence and just say, "Reply with the
word guide, and I will send you my free
rock climbing guide." In fact, DM
automation is the third step and the
most important step in my strategy to
getting your most viewed Instagram
story. If you want to get more views on
your Instagram story than you ever have
in the history of your Instagram
stories, use the strategy that I'm about
to describe. And some of you who have
been longtime listeners of the show know
this strategy. This is the STD strategy.
And yes, I know, haha, that's funny. It
is named the STD strategy because you
will not forget the STD strategy. The S
in the STD strategy stands for single.
So, let all of your existing stories
expire. Let them run out or you could
delete them. And then post a single one
clip on your Instagram story. This
single clip should not be a talking head
video. The best case scenario is that
this is just a still image. Either just
one singular solid color or a
photograph, but not a video. Again,
single clip. Also implied when I say
single clip is we're not posting
anything after it. So, we're not posting
a second or third story. We're just
posting one story for an entire 24-hour
period. That's the S. The T in the STD
strategy stands for textheavy. Textheavy
meaning that there's quite a bit of text
on this story. Again, it's not a video
story. It is a photo or just a solid
color background with, let's say, four,
at least four sentences and at most 12
sentences. So, yeah, even multiple
paragraphs of text on that story. That's
the S and the T is text heavy. The D
stands for DM automation, of course,
what we're talking about today. And you
can't have an STD without the D. That's
what I'm famous for saying. That's one
of my catchphrases. In fact, one of our
Build Your Tribe listeners actually sent
me this little sign that I usually have
hanging on my wall back there that says,
"You can't have an STD without the D."
You can't have your most viewed
Instagram story without DM automation.
And that is because the number one best
kind of engagement, the kind of
engagement that most directly correlates
to an increase in views on your
Instagram stories, is direct messages.
Now, normally you're only going to get a
lot of DMs if you post something real
freaky on your Instagram stories or you
post some thirst trap on your Instagram
stories. But you're a business owner.
So, the only reliable way that you're
going to get a lot of DMs without doing
something wild on your Instagram stories
is to post a single story with a lot of
text that ends with a DM call to action.
With a call to action that says
something along the lines of reply blank
and I will send you blank. With all that
being said, I promised you I would show
you how to set up your first automation.
So, I'm going to pull open my laptop
right now and show you in like literally
three clicks how easy it is to set up DM
automation when you're using Many Chat.
All right, so here we are on Many Chat's
desktop site. They also have a mobile
app that is actually very easy to use as
well. I prefer to use the desktop site.
And all you have to do to set up your
first automation is to go to this button
over here that says automations and then
click on the big blue button in the
upper right that says new automation.
From there, ManyHat will provide you
with a bunch of different templates. You
can see autodm links from comments. And
I know that's what we're talking about
today. So you could do that. Generate
leads with stories. Respond to all your
DMs. You could use one of these, but I
for the sake of this video will show you
how to start one from scratch. So, we're
just going to press that button in the
upper right that says start from
scratch. And then you can see it
automatically creates this automation
that is two steps. You can see over here
is step one. And then there's even a
pretty little arrow that leads to step
number two. And as you can see, step
number one over here on the left is a
trigger. So, it says when dot dot dot a
trigger is an event that starts your
automation. Click to add a trigger.
Okay. I'm going to click new trigger.
And then I have these five options. So,
let's see. Do I want the DM to send when
they comment on a post or a real, reply
to a story? Send a message? Click on an
Instagram ad, which is only available
with the Pro membership, or even
comments on one of my Instagram lives.
Well, for this one, I'm going to choose
send a message. Yes, they are
technically replying to my story, but
there's always going to be those few
people who DM you separately even though
they're technically replying to your
story. So, I just do send a message.
Okay. Then over here on the left, you
see it pops up. The user sends a
message. Select a way to trigger the
automation. Do you want it to be
specific words, detect specific words in
a message, or recognize intention of a
message? This is a pretty cool feature
that Manyhat has where it's using AI to
detect the intention of the message. But
for our sake where we're asking people
to say a specific keyword, let's set it
up that way. Detect specific words in
the message. Okay, I selected that. Now,
as you can see, it says if message
contains and then there's a keyword.
Well, we actually can change if it's
just the message contains. We can change
it to if the message is, which means
that the entire message is and only is
the keyword. Message contains the
keyword. If you were using a more common
word, like let's say I use the word
Insta, I wouldn't want to do message
contains the word Insta because it's
very likely that people are messaging me
the word Insta in other contexts. So, I
would only use message contains if you
were using a very rare and obscure
keyword like pickles, but for our case,
let's do message begins with. That's
often the one that I like to use for
DMs. So, if message begins with, now we
can just type in the keyword. And again,
you can come up with whatever keyword
you want. As it says right here,
keywords are not case-sensitive. So, I
don't have to worry about doing like
guide with a capital G. And in fact, if
I do type that in, it reminds me that
keywords are case sensitive. So, what I
will likely do is just do guide. I'll do
guide in quotes because some people will
put it in quotes. And then maybe I will
include some sort of typo, like I'll do
good or I'll do guide with no e in case
people make a typo. Then down at the
bottom, I just press the button that
says create. Cool. Now, my trigger has
been created. And you can see over here,
if I click on this main page, you can
see here is the automation. And there's
an arrow. So when the user sends a
message and the message begins with the
word guide, guide guide in quotes, good
or g then arrow send an Instagram
message. Now I just tap on this and I
can have it say whatever I want. I can
type whatever message I want here. I can
add a button. The button can lead to
another Instagram message. It can be an
AI step. It can open up a website. It
can perform an action. It can even uh
check certain conditions like if the
person has previously messaged you.
there can be delays. So, there's a lot
of advanced stuff, but for our sake, we
want to send people a free guide, right?
So, I'm going to click on open website
and I can just put the link to my guide
right here. Let's say this was the URL
for my guide. I can change the button
titles so that it doesn't just say new
button number one. I'll change it to
click here. And then I can press done
and it's ready to go. Now, of course, I
will probably want to put some sort of
text in the actual chat here. As you can
see, it says, "Please add uh text or
just remove the entire block." So, I
will say, "Here's that free guide you
requested." Bingo. And then once I press
this set live button, it will go live.
Meaning that it's ready to go. It is
activated. And anyone who sends me the
word guide after I press the set live
button will automatically receive this
response.
And we're done. It is really that
simple. And for me on my ManyHat
account, 95% of my automations are that
simple. It's one person saying one
keyword or one comment and then me
sending them one message in reply with
whatever it is that they're looking for.
Now, like I mentioned earlier, you can
get a little bit more advanced. I've
done things like run entire polls
through many chat so that people can
vote in polls within the DMs rather than
having to vote in a poll on my Instagram
stories. I've done things like collect
help wanted ads. I've collected email
addresses for webinars. I've even added
tickets to people's mobile wallets
directly from my DM automation. Some of
these things are really advanced and in
fact I've even had to hire DM automation
experts to help build some of these real
advanced intricate things. But my point
is, while that is possible with DM
automation, it's not necessary. If you
follow the steps that I just showed you,
you will be ahead of 95% of business
owners on Instagram because most people
are still slow to adopt this new feature
called DM automation. But before I let
you go, I have two challenges for you.
Challenge number one is to subscribe
because I was looking at my analytics
the other day and I'm not going to lie,
I was a little angry because I looked
and over 80% I think it's like 83% of
our weekly listeners are not subscribed.
So, I don't know what that means. Maybe
that means I'm doing a bad job of
asking. maybe this little segment where
I ask you to subscribe like I need to do
it better or more refined or something.
I don't know. But the majority of our
listeners, the vast majority, almost all
of our weekly viewers are not
subscribed. So, if you enjoyed today's
episode, if you want to learn more about
building a brand online, if you want to
learn more about the latest trends and
hacks and strategies for social media,
for Instagram, and for online marketing,
consider hitting that subscribe button
because every single Thursday I put out
a new episode just like this. And my
second challenge for you is to get
signed up for Many Chat, set up your
first automation, and post an STD story.
Again, I can't legally or ethically
guarantee that it will be your most
viewed story ever, but I can almost do
that. Like, I like 99% guarantee, 99%
promise you that if you follow the STD
strategy, if you use DM automation
appropriately, you will have your most
viewed Instagram story ever. If you want
a little bit more help on how to create
an STD story, I did an entire episode
about that just a few months back. So,
check that out if you need a little bit
more of a detailed tutorial on creating
your first ever STD story. But if
nothing else, thank you so much for
listening today. I appreciate you. Thank
you so much to ManyHat for sponsoring
today's episode. They are such an
amazing tool. I would be singing their
praises even if they weren't sponsoring
me. But thank you ManyHat for sponsoring
today's episode.